# Anchored Mind Anxiety App: Developing Underutilized Technological Solutions Beyond Traditional Text and Video based CBT Approaches

In a technological era such as today, more than 60% of adults experience social anxiety (Elliot and Dweck, 2013) and there is an increased demand on mental health sector with two in five patients forced into needing emergency services (Royal College for Psychiatrists, 2020). The currently available mobile technologies which target providing care to people with anxiety use text-based CBT approaches. Whilst these have been proven successful psychological techniques in relation to technology, these techniques have hardly utilised the capabilities of the technology. Currently 67.3% of anxiety apps lacked development with health care professionals, and only 3.8% were tested thoroughly. (Sucala et al., 2017).
Anchored Mind will be an anxiety management app that will further the use of technology in the anxiety sector. The app will explore the use of haptic feedback and sound creating an immersive experience that will offer comfort through repetitive, reliable stimulation. There will be thoughts of integrating wearable technology in use of mood tracking. These aspects of the project offer a unique exploration in personal technological use in psychology. This project will have a strong emphasis on liaising with health care professionals in differing areas with the specialism of anxiety. Discovering unthought-of technological capabilities of phones and ideating with healthcare professionals’ different software solutions that can further care in innovative ways. The product should be built with thought towards human computer interaction and usability. Finally, I will consider the effectiveness of any technology developed through thorough testing using psychological best practices given budget and timing constraints, also recognising whether I have employed differing technology for this product and its effectiveness in providing care.

#Installation
Go to apk folder and download the apk-release.apk file and install on android phone
